updated the description to highlight a purpose of the repository (#107)
Azure/AzOps-Accelerator: README.md

# AzOps Accelerator

> This template repository helps you get started with the [AzOps](https://github.com/Azure/AzOps) integrated CI/CD solution. It showcases how the AzOps can be used in Azure DevOps and GitHub to pull and push Azure policies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template repository helps you get started with the [AzOps](https://github.com/Azure/AzOps) integrated CI/CD solution. It showcases how the AzOps can be used in Azure DevOps and GitHub to pull and push Azure resources such as policyDefinitions, policyAssignments and roleAssignments. 
```
